authentication auth is a complex process
allowing users to log in and register
today you're going to learn it completely
email login using json web token oauth google login and much more

anonymous user: if you not logged in
masked the form so right now
it's not visible if you're not logged in
cannot like something

logged in
form to sign in
email and password
if don't have accunt,
create an account
firstname, lastname, email, password
google sign in -> with one click you'll be able to log in with your google account
-> it automatically found out my name also my image right and there we go
with that you can like other people's posts and notice this you can also delete your own post
-> you also can create new posts yourself
implement only one like per person considering that we now have the accounts
it's easy to simply keep an account who like things
before you were able to like indefinitely but now you can only leave one like per post

added quite a few complex features such as login and registration using json web token so that's also something
we're going to learn today
oauth using google 
local storage -> if your come back to this website or refresh -> this is going to be saved in the local storage
-> so once you come back, still logged in if the token hasn't expired
quite a log of interesting stuff coming up
so let's dive right in

github repository
so if you're just turning in and if you hwavent hwathced the part 1 and 2 you can click here
and simply fork the repository
forking a repository means that it's going to show on your own profile and then you can clone it and use it.
레포지토리를 포트한다는 것은, 여러분에게 여러분 자신의 프로파일을 보여주고, 여러분은 그것을 클론하고 사용할 수 있게 한다는 것이다.
fork -> show profile, clone it, can using it.
have your own repository

Learn Git and GitHub without any code!
Using the Hello World guide, you'll start a branch, write comments, and open a pull request.

Zeet is the easiest way to develop your app
db, frontend, backend --> all deploy to Zeet
do everything in one application

이걸 변경했어
만약에, 디렉토리 하나 새로 만들고
처음부터 받아서 새로 시작하겠다 하면
git clone https://github.com/xozu/memories-project.git 이렇게 시작하면 될 것이다.
그러니까, 커밋 하지 말고.. 진행하다가
잘 안되면 다 날리고 새로 받아서 시작하면 될 것이다.
이때는 clone 이 아니고, update 맞나? checkout 받아서 하면 될 것이다.

JSON 웹 토큰
JSON Web Token, JWT, "jot" 는 선택적 서명 및 선택적 암호화를 사용하여 데이터를 만들기 위한 인터넷 표준이다.
페이로드는 몇몇 클레임(claim) 표명(assert)을 처리하는 JSON을 보관하고 있다.

front-end side first

Our routing should be done
as you can see we have
Navbar not inside of <Switch>
so that means it's going to be showing up always.

switch between these two components
either show the home or show the auth..
Router, react-reouter...
Switch, Route
BrowserRouter
    Switch
        Route path="" component={xxx}

